like this one week down and like try and
get diamonds and emeralds so like this
okay all right hmm how deep does it go
at it a lot Upsy buddy how do you
collect it oh oh ok nice sorry huh what
oh and you know mine I have no idea what
am I think I got it all right all right
I think you actually took that one from
me did even do you I'm like ah ah oh my
goodness this is intense where am I
going oh oh oh it's like a diamond mine
now why can't I destroy it I'm like
lagging yeah awkward okay I got that one
where's the other ones envelopes all oh
my goodness am I gonna some i doing good
I don't no idea what's going on seventh
place so that oh well I suck okay yeah
this one and you've just gotta run and
jump because the flaw disappears
underneath is it like TNT it'll turn
yellow and then orange and then read and
then it'll disappear so just like seeing
respect to just like put the weapons oh
but yellow oh oh my gosh this is like
this is like a next-level TNT run this
is awesome it gets brilliant test like
that's creepy minutes up oh no just am I
gonna know there's explosions everywhere
hey open your purse like WGI sweet foot
one yeah i think i'm gonna i'm doing it
no no oh my goodness intense al l doubt
oh no why can't I move all over you did
you eat what did I get I don't know I'll
stay in the chat oh I didn't even look
this what is like you'll get a cool wool
in your inventory and you'll have to
stand on the wall okay Oh like cream ah
ok
it feels like it's like mario party mini
games is an awesome Oh huh are you all
the way up there maybe I could get to
you keV all right we're gonna intense
I'm gonna win this I was so good at this
at mario party so good I never played it
as a kale I was missing out oh my god
missed it orange orange no no is my jam
is my jam kidding kidding I'm gonna die
oh yeah this is your job yeah this is
yeah don't judge I'm doing quite well
all right where are you i'm gonna gonna
come find you nice to you this all right
oh no no okay are you doing you're doing
quite well is that what she says I got
in 12 so I didn't do very good I didn't
even this one kill the animals but don't
kill the animals thats a 50-percent
minus sin on their head so because they
get the plus ones or just yeah like
it'll say minus fifty percent don't hit
on police fall Oh see the cows give you
most so yes oh my goodness there's so
many chickens over here hi Oh cow cow
mine mine I'm kidding it man it ran ah
damn it she's hot hot it's really hard
i'm so bad at lizs all i could do is get
chickens maybe i'm gonna win off
chickens for all of you that's a good
plan this by this time it takes to kill
a cow you're getting nine chickens you
see a cow just flipping I'm running in a
circle rolla cos you is about to be
voted oh my god oh my god 17th place
isn't there only like oppa is that last
name is when red light green light so
you'll get a piece of wool in your
inventory a green means run
yellow means slow down and red means
don't walk so oh alright i'm
normally really good at this oh I mean
I'm so bad every time stupid ready hey
boys with me today oh god I'm so bad
alright alright alright super
precautious ready stopping okay I'm
gonna complete this one right okay come
on now that's saturated I'm in 20th what
I'm oh this one is car car see you how
God so I'm done is what you're saying
you are so done yep shine it back like
running a diagonal that helps hello my
goodness you have it oh that's the
solution that's it that's how to win the
game just damn it win it just kidding
damn it yeah it is still really hard Oh
false place looks really good uh yeah
well is this vent monster one okay so
you just run away from the smoke yeah I
don't let it hit you all right I got
this I got this I was good i was gonna
hot rope jump oh oh oh my god died
instantly did you yeah after I said I
was so good at Horeb jump oh well uh
yeah twenty second place I guys 16 that
is a new record bad Oh God